Engineer diary

11 sept: Spent the day trying to learn what SQL, containers, Git and Github are, what they do and how they can apply 
when it comes to doing our assignments. Didn’t get very far on what containers are and will need to find a better resource 
to learn about them. Did get an overview of what SQL, Git and Github are and how they work, apart from what we’ve been learning in class.

16 sept: Had a meeting with my group about the assignment. We’ve decided to try an extension so that we code together, 
called CodeTogether Live. It’s supposed to be a little more effective rather than having to pull and push via Github all the time, 
but we’re a little wary whether this extension will make it easier to cooperate or not. After trying it, we’ve decided to just work via 
Github instead. We created a repository where we can all push our scripts, with one branch for each module.

Goal for the day is to further look into what containers are, and what nodejs is/means.

24 sept: Had a lecture on what containers are, as well as virtual machines and how to work when using interpretative programming 
languages versus compilers. Got a better idea of how containers work versus a virtual machine, but it still feels like we need a more
concrete showcase of what to do with the containers. Will look up some resources or tutorials on it. 

10 oct: Decided to work on assignments, I have the responsibility of working on mainly assignment number 2, though we will all contribute
and edit all assignments to make sure everyone's voice is heard. Have to learn how to code HTML and CSS so the BurgerOrder module can look
a little more presentable and so that I will have something to commit.

14 oct: Since last time I decided to learn some CSS to spruce up the website. I've switched computer to work on, so I've had to 
redownload XAMPP because I've been having trouble opening up our app.py. Docker has been re-installed, but I can't download Flask for some reason.
Will look at it later and see if I can get it to work, because right now I can't get anything in our program to open properly.

14 oct: Tried to open the BurgerOrder website on my Mac laptop, but it didn't work at all despite following directions. Instead of trying to 
fix this and take a lot of time to do so, I decided to try to do the same thing on my Windows PC. It didn't work here either because the
terminal claimed that I had no file or directory connected to the BurgerOrder. Managed to get Flask redownloaded.

15 oct: We had another group meeting today, where we discussed everything we needed to do with the program before turning it in. I mentioned 
my troubles with opening the website, so we all went through it together via a videochat in Discord. It seems like I was using the wrong file
when trying to open the file yesterday. I need to use the burger_order_app.zip and extract it, then use that path in the terminal. Today's goal
is to get the website opened so I can fill in the CSS and commit it, as well as do a debug session.

(DEBUG SESSION, 15 oct): Decided to do the debug-session in VSCode because the tutorials for debug sessions were mostly for that. I thought that
I hadn't ever done any proper debugging before, but the Run and Debug in CSCode seemed to work similar to Thonny. I have used Thonny before in a lot of my 
projects in another course, which meant that I was thankfully very used to it. Since the program has been worked out by us and is in the 
endstages, I wasn’t expecting to find any ’proper’ bugs. I decided to try to order a Honey Mustard from the menu and add some bacon. 
It took me some work to be able to figure out what exactly I needed. When you only open the HTML-file for the website you don’t get 
any of the menu-items, since the database isn’t connected to it. Thus, I had to use the burger_order_app which I unzipped. When you try 
to only Run and Debug via VSCode it doesn’t work because it can’t find the Flask module. Tried using a few Docker commands in the terminal, 
but I only get this error message: no matching manifest for linux/arm64/v8 in the manifest list entries. When looking it up, it seemed 
like it would be hard to solve with my laptop as it is, so I eventually chose to use Thonny as a debugger instead. It took some time to 
find what exactly I needed to import into Thonny, but I changed my strategy and chose a function out of the app.py file.
It was interesting to see how the variables would change during the debug-session and take on new values. Everything looked as it should, 
but I hadn’t expected any bugs since we are in the endstages of the project. 

16 oct: Added a simple black, rounded border around BurgerOrder and KitchenView by using CSS. Had some trouble committing changes and pushing them on my Macbook, so decided to do all my work on Windows PC instead of trying to troubleshoot to save some time. Tried committing via VSCode, had to make sure to stage my changes and writing a message before committing and pushing, otherwise the VSCode appeared to crash.

16 oct: Had a lot of problems with accessing the website after it had been merged. Could only access KitchenView by using the same instructions as earlier. Communicated with the group and found out that you have to use docker-compose build and docker-compose up, then use two different localhosts for KitchenView and BurgerOrder. BurgerOrder is now under 8000 instead of 5000, which it was not before. Tried to follow the group's instructions, but it still didn't work. Found some errors when using docker-compose build in the terminal, so restarted Docker Desktop and re-did the same steps; and it worked without any problems. 

17 oct: Had a small troubleshooting session with a groupmate that had some problems with their files in VSCode. Cloning the repository had ended up doubling all the files and not removing old ones, which I too had problems with first before I found a good system. Showcased how I worked when cloning the repository, specifically that I remove the old files and replace them with the new ones. 
